so recently I made a video called why
false prophets are so dangerous and this
video was inspired by an alleged
prophecy by the popular televangelist TV
Joshua
according to his ministry's YouTube
channel TV Joshua was said to predict
the death of 94 year-old George HW Bush
now I had my criticisms to the ledge
prophecy and so the conclusion that I
drew from it was this either this guy is
the most suitable and the most obvious
false prophet of our generation and he's
deceiving people and leading them astray
as the Bible predicted and actually got
right or this guy wasn't talking about
bush and in that case and this video
shouldn't be floating around anyway so
the conclusion that I drew from the
short video that was put out by TV
Joshua's ministry was that he's either a
false prophet or the prophecy was not
about Bush and if the prophecy wasn't
about Bush then his ministry should pull
down the video from their YouTube
channel so I think that that conclusion
was perfectly reasonable however most of
his followers thought I concluded
something else and they responded in
kind
soon after I posted the video I got
hundreds and hundreds of comments saying
that in that short video I concluded
that TB Joshua was a false prophet I
didn't I never even said he was a false
prophet but I can understand how that
seemed implied so given the large amount
of comments that said that if I just
watched his sermons on his videos I
would see that he's a true prophet of
God and given the fact that I haven't
heard of him prior to that video I was
genuinely curious the reasons that his
followers said that he was a true
prophet so I spent the next several days
watching several of his videos and
several of his sermons and I read every
single comment posted on my video
leading up until the day and as of today
there's around 1,500 comments or so so I
read every single one of them and I
responded to several of them I really
wanted to get a better idea of why so
many of his followers said that he was a
true prophet so without a doubt by far
the most common comments that I got was
that I was obviously evil I obviously
serve Satan it was full of demons simply
because I did not believe that TB Joshua
was a true prophet the largest reason
that people gave me 4y TB Joshua was a
true prophet was because they claimed
that he prophesied he cast out demons he
performed miracles and healings and so
on to get an idea of some of the
comments here's just a few of them and
just a quick disclaimer most of the
commentators first language was not
English so I did my best to try to read
their comments in the way that they
intended it to be but I still put the
comment on the screen so that way you
can
read the comments for yourself so many
thousands were Hills saved and received
miracles through the Prophet TB Joshua
he is a true prophet shut your mouth and
go to hell you look sick
obviously you're evil cuz he steals so
many and perform many miracles what have
you done except hate you are not
thinking correct you are controlled by
Satan you are evil I'm sure you're
making a video about TB Joshua's name
because you're looking for members to
sign up to your channel here on YouTube
be careful how you run that stupid mouth
concerning him
I'm sure if you would have come across
people who have been delivered through
him they would beat you to death
you are just an attention seeker this
retarded weed smoking program African
American has the audacity to call TB
Joshua a false prophet stop all that
foolish talk and go experience God
yourself like I went there and changed
my life and stopped that black on black
hating and foolish talking you're nobody
and you're sent by demons to be known
shut the F up and disappear you'll never
progress in life unless you repent now
there's hundreds and hundreds of
comments like that and if you want to go
read them feel free the link to the
first video is in the description now my
point is not to bash these people or to
demonize them I don't hold any grudges
towards any of these people nor do I
wish them harm in any kind of way I want
nothing more but for them and myself to
continue to grow in the Grace and the
knowledge of our true Lord and Savior
Jesus Christ the point is if you search
any video critiquing people like Benny
Han or Kenneth Copeland or anybody that
they would consider a false prophet
you're gonna see the same lines of
argument being put forth by those
peoples followers so I did a really
quick youtube search and the first video
that I found criticizing Benny Hinn I
looked at the comments and here are some
of the comments that I found from his
followers I got healed in the name of
Jesus watching his program on TV I don't
care if anybody is judging them height
of shamelessness in this world possibie
negan is not a false prophet he's a true
man of God that Jesus and the God that
he serves saves hills and sets men and
women free I don't know why this stupid
negative video was posted on YouTube
don't knock him unless you get to know
him this man of God is real the
anointing of God is on him I rebuke
every negative comment in Jesus name I
went to three separate Benny Han
gatherings in Texas during the 1990s
what I observed and experienced I could
only do
five is supernatural you are mad and
deceived you're lying
Benny Hinn is a wonderful man of God and
was born in Israel you are obviously not
a Christian I myself was healed from an
illness I had for 27 years so as you can
see people are testing two miracles and
they believe that anybody who disagrees
and criticizes Benny Hinn is obviously
evil on the first video that I could
find fatiguing Kenneth Copeland this
Rick guy the one who created the video
is another one of those Satanists always
finds fault with God's anointed anyone
who has spiritual revelation of God's
Word would know that Kenneth Copeland is
on the right track like I said the blind
and lost don't know the Word of God or
even know how to operate in the spirit
so it's no wonder that they don't
understand it try getting reborn first
quit trying to worry about whether
someone is falsifying anything once you
line yourself up with the true Word of
God you will understand the words of
Kenneth Copeland now there's plenty more
but you get the point
the followers of these men and anybody
that you would consider a false prophet
are going to be defended by their
followers in the exact same way they're
gonna say that these people perform
miracles and are anointed and are
healing people and so on so at this
point we should be asking ourselves are
all of these teachers and prophets men
of God but the problem here is that all
of their views contradict in
incompatible ways for example Kenneth
Copeland says that God is about six-two
six-three weighs a couple hundred pounds
and has a hand span of about nine inches
because all of the different views
contradict in incompatible ways how do
we know who's right and who's wrong well
as Christians I hope we all agree that
our ultimate authority concerning
prophets should be found first and
foremost in Holy Scripture we should
trust the scriptures to a much higher
degree than any self-proclaimed prophet
if the miracles that they do are
supposed to attest to the truth of the
word of God then at minimum what they do
and say should line up with the Word of
God if what they doin say does not line
up with the Word of God then they're
really no different than all of the
gurus the shamans and the cult leaders
whose followers say that they perform
miracles sooo so I hope that we can all
agree so far so now the obvious question
is what do the scriptures say well first
there's warnings of false prophets all
over the Bible and second Thessalonians
we read how the Antichrist would use all
sorts of displays of power and signs and
wonders to serve the lie we also read in
the book of Revelation and many other
play
in the Bible how Satan and the
Antichrist would use size in miracles to
deceive people
Jesus himself warned about false
prophets and how they will deceive
people
he says for false Christ's and false
prophets will rise and show great signs
and wonders to deceive if possible even
the elect in Matthew 7 when Jesus is
talking about false prophets he gets to
a point where he says many will say to
me on that day Lord Lord did we not
prophesy in your name and in your name
cast out demons and in your name perform
many miracles and then I will declare to
them I never knew you depart from me you
who practice lawlessness so if there's
one thing that's clear from this is that
we cannot judge a true man of God based
off of things like prophecy healings
casting out demons and miracles on the
contrary the Bible actually tells us
that people are deceived by those things
those are the things that the Bible
warns over and over and over that false
prophets were use to deceive many
but many of TV's followers and
apparently TV himself seem to argue the
exact opposite and response of people
saying that he's using evil forces TB is
quoted saying it is not possible for a
single person to be working outstanding
miracles signs and wonders which
millions of other Nigerians cannot do
and for such a person to be an agent of
Satan but the Bible says the literal
opposite it says that people can and
will be deceived by these signs and
miracles I just can't stress that enough
why it's so important that we go back to
Scripture is because looks can be
deceiving
even Satan and the Antichrist will come
as Angels of Light it's not as though
Satan's gonna come looking evil and
being outwardly obvious of course not we
would expect for Satan to be charming
and smooth and to not look evil that's
the entire point sometimes we can know
from externally bad behavior but not
always like even take the Pharisees to
men they look outwardly righteous this
is why false prophets are said to be
wolves who look and act like sheep so if
we can't determine if a man is the true
prophet of God by looking at things like
signs and wonders and miracles and that
sort of thing then how does scriptures
say that we can tell if a man is a true
prophet of God one of the places that's
the most clear and the most
straightforward is found in Deuteronomy
18 starting at verse 20 we read but
the Prophet who speaks a word
presumptuously and my name which I have
not commanded him to speak or which he
speaks in the name of other gods that
prophet shall die so what we have here
is that the Israelites were required to
pump false prophets to death based off
of one false prophecy so for those of
TV's followers who told me that it's not
that big of a deal
he gets some prophesies wrong but he
gets a lot of them right well it seems
that God takes it a bit more seriously
than they do in the next verse the
question is raised you may say in your
heart how will we know the word which
the Lord has not spoken verse 22 when a
prophet speaks in the name of the Lord
if that thing does not come about or
come true that is the thing which the
Lord has not spoken the prophet has
spoken it presumptuously you shall not
be afraid of him so it's clear that if a
prophecy does not come true then it's
not from the Lord and you shouldn't be
afraid to call them out on it so now the
final question is has TB Joshua ever
uttered a false prophecy during the u.s
election between Donald Trump and
Hillary Clinton TV Joshua prophesied
that a woman was going to win the u.s.
2016 election on November 6 he wrote ten
days ago I saw the new president of
America with an arrow win the new
president will be facing several
challenges over many issues including
passing bills attempt to possibly pass a
vote of no-confidence on the new
president the boat of the new president
will be rocked by the way in order not
to keep you in suspense what I frankly
saw is a woman now this was just a few
days before the election when the polls
convinced everybody that Hillary Clinton
was going to win but on November 9 2016
Hillary Clinton did not win Donald Trump
did so how did Joshua respond after the
news came in that Hillary Clinton did
not win the internet went crazy there
were thousands and thousands of tweets
talking about TB Joshua filled prophecy
at a point when the criticism was at a
high point the post that TV Joshua made
was somehow deleted but of course after
that the criticism kept climbing and
people began to criticize him about the
leading but so later that the leader
post has actually reposted and his
ministry said that it was a mistakenly
removed and was reposted since that's
not their policy the next week at
Ashurst service he responded and I've
include
that video in the description as well if
you want to watch that and hear for
yourself in the video he basically
starts off by saying that the reason why
people thought he had a false prophecy
is because you have to have spiritual
eyes in order to understand spiritual
things he then proceeded to say that the
prophecy was actually about the popular
vote he says we have seen the outcome of
the election in America having read you
will notice that it's all about the
popular vote the vote of the majority of
Americans now this is significant and
the reason why is because by saying this
he's affirming that the prophecy did
come to pass and the prophecy was a true
prophecy but does that sound right to
you his prophecy was out the new
president and the new presidents duties
right but clearly even if someone does
win the popular vote they still did not
become president nor do they have all of
the duties that are given to the
president and the duties that he
mentioned that he saw in his prophecy
and later he gave you at another
response he says thousands of people
that heard my prophecy prayed to God
they fasted and prayed that God should
change the prophecy that a prophecy was
disclosed and did not come to pass does
not mean that it is not authentic hmm so
now he's saying that the prophecy did
not come to pass because it was changed
by the prayers of the American people
but the problem with that is now he's
actually affirming that the prophecy did
not come true but his previous excuse
said that the prophecy did come true and
you needed spiritual eyes to discern
that it was all about the polls so which
one is it did the prophecy come true or
did the prophecy not come true think
about it Joshua had a 50-50 chance and
he still got the prophecy wrong and now
some of his followers are saying that
the prophecy still did come true while
the rest of them are saying that God
changed the prophecy so now we have his
followers holding two different views
that are mutually exclusive so if you're
one of those that are aware of this
prophecy and you still believe that TB
Joshua is a true prophet of God I just
want to ask how could God or anybody
else possibly show you that he is indeed
a false prophet if Scripture is clear
about how we can determine a false
prophet and we refuse to accept that
criteria then the only conclusion is
that we have more faith in men than we
do scripture is our unwavering faith in
Scripture or is it in men like TV Joshua
after the failed prophecy we saw a lot
of people who echoed the same kind of
thing that this Commodore did here this
Commodore says the TV Joshua I will
always believe in your prophecies
through thick and thin this is why the
Bible says the scripture is not only
good for teaching preaching and
encouragement but it's also good for
correcting and rebuking our faith on our
trust should be grounded first and
foremost not in these other signs not in
these miracles not in these men not in
these alleged prophets but only in the
gospel that's found in the Holy
Scripture in a nutshell the true gospel
says that none of us are perfect and we
cannot be perfect on our own so God took
on human flesh and came into the world
to pay for our wrongdoings and this is a
free gift of grace for all who will cept
his offer
bounine our trust in Christ allows us to
be rightly related to God so that way
when God sees us he doesn't see our
righteousness our righteousness is
filthy rags every single one of us
besides Jesus but instead God sees
crisis' righteousness in us so why is it
in so many of the churches is that not
the center of the message that you hear
and if there's one thing that I found
that's common in all of these churches
where people believe that they're under
the teachings of a true prophet is that
they believed that they couldn't
possibly be deceived now I for one I
honestly don't doubt their sincerity in
the slightest but sincerity is not a
safeguard against the seat all of these
people believe that everybody else is
wrong and they're right based off of
their own internal subjective experience
however they could or could not be right
but the only way to know is to go off of
the source and the foundation of all of
this that we believe and that's the Holy
Scriptures God knew just how easy it was
for us to be deceived which is why he
punched warnings over and over and over
and over and over in the scriptures for
us to be on guard against false Gospels
and false teachings as the Scriptures
make perfectly clear all of us attempted
to drift away and go after something
else that distracts us from the true
heart of the gospel one of the main
other criticisms that I got in my video
was that I ought to be afraid because I
critiqued the man of God but as we
already saw many of TV Joshua's
followers believe that if I could take
TV Joshua I was therefore rejecting God
and I was
evil and our worship Satan in other
words if you reject TB Joshua I think
you're rejecting Jesus Christ I got
hundreds of comments warning me that the
Bible says not to touch God's anointed
and because I talked about TB Joshua I'm
touching God's anointed and therefore
I'm falling under God's wrath and curse
but not surprisingly this scripture has
been used in defense of every single
false prophet of our generation but
let's go ahead and talk about that in
the next video so the next time that
someone tells you that they know someone
is a true prophet because they're
performing miracles and healings and so
on what are you gonna say bro what do
you mean